# Menus

The `Menus` component renders the entire food menu section including the header,
tabs, sections, and list of food items.

`Menus` accepts one required array prop `menus`. This is an array of all Menus
content passed from the CMS.

## Structure

This component uses the
[react-responsive](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-responsive) plugin to
switch from accordion navigation to tabbed navigation at the `md` breakpoint. It
uses the following sub-components:

```
                 MobileMenu
               /            \
Menus (Index) •              • MenuSection – MenuItem
               \            /
                DesktopMenus

```

## Usage

`Menus` includes the `Container` component so it doesn't need to be wrapped in
any other panels.

```jsx
<Menus menus={data} />
```

## Tab Layout

On `Desktop`, up to six tabs can be displayed in a row, and any others will
wrap. Regardless of tab count, tabs will take up 1/6 of the available
space and are centered.

If a tab label is too long, the text will wrap inside the tab and all others
will grow to match its height.

Tab count is testable as a story knob.



## Tab Parity

When the navigation switches between `Desktop` and `Mobile`, the most recently
opened panel remains open.

- If no `Desktop` tabs have ever been clicked, all `Mobile` accordions remain
  closed.
- If all `Mobile` accordions are closed, the `Desktop` nav defaults to the first
  tab.


## Price

A dollar sign will be added to the `price` string if the first character is a
number.


## Sub-Components

### MobileMenus & DesktopMenus

`MobileMenus` uses the `Accordion` utility for navigation and generates the
`MenuSections` content.

`DesktopMenus` generates a row of tabs for navigation along with the
`MenuSections` content.

Both accepts four props that are generated by `Menus`:

- `tabs` (required array) -  Indexed tab labels
- `sections` (required array) - Index `MenuSections` content
- `activeIdx` (required number) - Currently selected tab
- `onClick` (required function) - Updates activeIdx on tab click

### MenuSections & MenuItem

See these components' story notes for details.
